docs/pcb_design/about.md, before:

# PCB Design
I have created a couple projects that have had the need for custom circuit boards. In order to achieve the goals I set for myself in those projects, I pushed to learn how to make such boards. I have mainly learned through KiCAD and dabbled in EAGLE/Fusion360 PCB design, with most of my experience being with KiCAD. I've only needed to design two circuit boards, both breakouts, but the process has taught me a lot and will continue to be of use into the future.

# Printer PCB
My enclosure project required the use of a custom PCB as a type of breakout board. One of my goals for the printer was to have all connections encapsulated into one connector. This would make maintenance and such easier, instead of unplugging 20+ connections I would have to unplug one plus maybe three or four more. 


# Comma3X Quick Disconnect
Another project I came across was a magnetic pogo-pin mount. I installed a Comma3X (car autopilot) system into my new vehicle. During the summer months it can get quite hot here, hot enough where I enjoy putting a sun-shield up to keep my car somewhat cool. This system gets in the way, so how can I make something that is reliable and easy to remove? Magnets! 

This project is still in the developmental stages, you can find its progress on the [CommaPOGO github](https://github.com/Gyrohammer/commapogo){:target="_blank"}. Documentation and a full write up will be posted here once the project is more complete.

Commit message:

add to pcb_design about

docs/pcb_design/about.md, after:

# PCB Design
I have created a couple projects that have had the need for custom circuit boards. In order to achieve the goals I set for myself in those projects, I pushed to learn how to make such boards. I have mainly learned through KiCAD and dabbled in EAGLE/Fusion360 PCB design, with most of my experience being with KiCAD. I've only needed to design two circuit boards, both breakouts, but the process has taught me a lot and will continue to be of use into the future.

# Printer PCB
My enclosure project required the use of a custom PCB as a type of breakout board. One of my goals for the printer was to have all connections encapsulated into one connector. This would make maintenance and such easier, instead of unplugging 20+ connections I would have to unplug one plus maybe three or four more. 


# Comma3X Quick Disconnect
Another project I came across was a magnetic pogo-pin mount. I installed a Comma3X (car autopilot) system into my new vehicle. During the summer months it can get quite hot here, hot enough where I enjoy putting a sun-shield up to keep my car somewhat cool. This system gets in the way, so how can I make something that is reliable and easy to remove? Magnets! 

This design is similar to another on the comma ai discord. This design by cloudj has some advantages such as being CNC machined out of aluminum, adding strength and endurance. Downsides to his production include a long wait time, and high cost at \$130USD per mount. My project aims to make the design open source and cost less at around \$70-80USD. Downsides to my design will likely be its long initial development time and less resilient material (plastic vs aluminum). Hopefully my lead times are lower being US-based vs Taiwan-based.

This project is still in the developmental stages, you can find its progress on the [CommaPOGO github](https://github.com/Gyrohammer/commapogo){:target="_blank"}. Documentation and a full write up will be posted here once the project is more complete.
